soon the John Dyer family will be using
their TV to help complete their federal
income tax that come on man that's
that's that's a mobile game I mean come
on the racing game could be interest
every single one of these is a mobile
game well [ __ ]
yeah by me like I'm trying to say like
when I think of mobile game in terms of
aesthetics as well as gameplay that's
what I mean like the racing game maybe
that maybe they forgot a way to make the
racing game fun with with the controller
maybe you twist your again you can do
the phone there's nothing different
about the phone versus that let's take a
look at the math program children race
they're gorillas through the jungle and
covering animal obstacles and an endless
variety of addition subtraction
multiplication and division problems and
for learning fun from The Electric
Company now this one's a little tougher
I got it and when you add the keyboard
component available this summer in
television can change your family's life
it simplifies financial planning even
custom designs are Jack LaLanne exercise
program for you there is an entire
library of in television programs
designed to grow right
with your family's interests discover in
television it can change your family's
life so okay so that now it's gonna be
with this is this is what Tommy was
singing on atari age in terms of why the
price has jumped up fifty percent in the
past six to seven months when it comes
to this so i said 150 was before
engineering started and before both the
retailer's i'm not for hiking price
something before you do engineering on
something by the way so the price range
was 150 to 180 i always said is gonna be
higher that then lower they said then
they pick the chip and went to $200 then
they said they spoke to retailers who
said it would seem too cheap at only
$200 it would be just a retro or a
flashback when they spoke to retailers
which it may be strange because there's
no flashbacks that have ever existed in
my head that were even close to $200 or
stand-alones were usually between 50 and
$100 historically weren't they even the
old Atari well yes so that to me is a
strange thing why would a retailer
think that anyway I'm not I'm not saying
I'm not saying he wasn't telling the
truth I just say that's that's really
strange advice to give someone I'm
pricing something yeah to go over 200
ollars because I just wish lights $20
people are buying to this quality I
don't sounds a little cheap to them so
this is gonna be a $250 console before
it gets shipped out to you or sales tax
if you're buying in most states have
sales tax here we're creeping up to 275
280 290 all things considered you have
to spend here so now it's no longer a
value system at this point
no now it's no longer this is something
I can pick up it's not an impulse buy
for sure it's not something that you
know I'm someone who has no idea what
this is about is gonna see this and say
oh it's only $250 I'm gonna grab it
we're totally out of that range at 150
160 you maybe reach and make the
argument under 200 not at 250 at 250 you
are directly competing with Nintendo yes
we'll switch lights 50 bucks less that's
right and I'm you're gonna have to have
people who are really really attached to
the name that some of these mobile
quality games are going to be carrying
to get them to fork out 250 dollars when
you have clear alternatives and if
graphics and things like that aren't
supposed to matter once
again sorry Tommy's always saying things
like oh the graphics no matter it's
about getting people together with
friends and family well then you can buy
a [ __ ] PlayStation 4 for $200 you can
you can have funds with friends you can
have fun with friends and family in a
living room with other game systems that
aren't going to be as expensive as this
is going to be when it comes out you and
if you're not that concerned about
having the latest and greatest which was
supposed to be a focal point of this
anyways was that you don't need the
highest end graphics you don't need all
this fancy stuff apparently not
yes I mean the more the price goes up
the harder it is to even look at this
with any seriously thing with any
seriousness niche market when I say
niche market you're probably thinking
small market but the truth is the only
way to challenge a giant like Nintendo a
giant like Sony a giant like Microsoft
is to take on two three four many niche
markets that's the only way in
television could have succeeded and
there are in each markets this is a
Nintendo 2ds I purchased this for my
daughter she was five four four four
years old alright this is not for my
entertainment as an adult for the first
time I held this system I thought there
is huge potential here for educational
software language education you can use
a stylus with this it can hear your
voice you can record your voice in here
and back I can even it has a camera can
record your face there's a 3d camera on
the other so many ways in which there
could be educational software on this
and I actually went out and bought two
or three examples of educational
software that we're all terrible okay
I'm first to admit educational software
is a niche market but guess what for
some small company there's an
opportunity to be the best there were a
lot of other areas in which Nintendo is
the best and you can challenge them
Tendo and when you've got a niche like
that people will buy your system and
they'll do more than one thing with it
they may buy your system and they may
play a game that it's imitating Super
Mario Brothers on your system or
whatever the hell it is you're doing
right but there's some area you're
excellent in it to be really successful
it's got to be two three or four areas
now I just mentioned briefly you have
two different mobile homes they use in
tandem now okay this has on it all of
the best language education software you
can get for learning Chinese as an
english-speaking foreigner okay it's not
that great I would say it's between
lousy and mediocre very occasionally
there's an app I can praise as adequate
okay so on your system on your hardware
whatever's your doing this is an area in
which you can be the best it's a niche
market but niche markets are for small
companies the only way forward the only
would win and guess what I've been of
recognizes people like me parents buying
video games for children even though
we're numbering in the millions we are
ourselves a niche market for the most
part ignored by a computer and video
game industry that's focused on people
age 25 to 55 these fully grown men who
spend a huge percentage of their monthly
income and even larger percentage of
their monthly time playing video games
all right so my hope was that the
Intellivision
Emiko would provide an alternative for
at least one of those niche markets you
might say well that's crazy
why would you think they have anything
to do with educational software because
historically the 1979 in television
that's why it was called the in
television that's why it had that
ridiculous controller with the numerical
keyboard on it
right it's USP USP unique selling point
the way it differentiated itself in the
market back in 1979 was saying this is
the video game system you can do your
taxes on this is the video game system
that can teach your kids long division
and math that has educational software
all right educational software and
productivity productivity software that
was actually what set the original
Intellivision apart
and then we have a new in television
coming out that no really lazy way was
just trading on nostalgia and I feel it
really failed to take it advantage of
the weakness of Nintendo's position in
the market the weakness of Sony's
position are the weakness of Microsoft's
position in the market because none of
those are really selling a system that
parents would want to buy for their
children
[Music]